Configurable blur active element (#10518)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

- Fixed a crash in the 3D Tiles Feature Styling sandcastle that occurred when using `ModelExperimental`. [#10514](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10514)
- Fixed improper handling of double-sided materials in `ModelExperimental`. [#10507](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10507)

> - Set the behavior of blurring the active element when interacting with the canvas to be configurable. [#10518](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10518)

Reviewer: I think this should technically go in a new `##### Additions :tada:` section, and mention the new option by name.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Added optional `blurActiveElementOnCanvasFocus` option to set the behavior of blurring the active element when interacting with the canvas. [#10518](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10518)
```
